# **I Want That\! User Conduct and Content Policy**

Last Updated May 5, 2026

Important: If you believe one of our Customers or End Users have violated this policy, please fill out this form, and provide as detailed information as possible to assist with our investigation.

I Want That\!, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“I Want That\!,” “we“, “us”, “our”) provides online shared inbox and productivity tools and services that allow our Customers and their End Users to freely communicate, collaborate and share content. The vast majority of the time this communication is productive and benefits the parties involved. However, there are times when a Customer or End User uses our Services to engage in or support objectionable or harmful conduct. We developed this End User Conduct & Content Policy (“Policy”) to make it clear that such activity is prohibited.

The Policy is incorporated into the I Want That\! SaaS Services Agreement (“Agreement”) and outlines prohibited use, conduct and content on the Services. This Policy applies to all Customers and End Users who access and use the Services. Notwithstanding the Agreement, I Want That\! may in its sole discretion suspend or terminate an account immediately and without prior notice due to a violation of this Policy. 

We encourage all persons to report suspected violations of this Policy. There may be instances where we are limited in how we can respond to reported violations, but we want to know about the activity. You also agree that if you learn of any unauthorized or unacceptable use of any account, Customer Data or the Service, you will promptly contact I Want That\! support at [support@useiwantthat.com](mailto:support@useiwantthat.com) and take all reasonable steps to cooperate with I Want That\! and assist in the termination of such use. Capitalized terms used in this Policy but not defined herein have the meaning given to them in the Agreement.

## **Malicious Activities**

End Users may not:

* access or tamper with the Services or engage in unauthorized access of the Services, including but not limited to I Want That\!’s computer systems or the technical delivery systems of I Want That\! or its service providers;   
* use the Services to transmit viruses, malware, or other harmful code. This includes sending content or automated traffic, generated by bots or otherwise, that harms networks, services or other infrastructure of I Want That\! or any third party. This includes but is not limited to: using or launching any automated system that accesses the Services (i.e., bot) in a manner that sends more request messages to a server of the Services in a given period of time than a human engaged in regular use would reasonably produce in the same period; launching or facilitating, whether intentionally or unintentionally, a level of traffic on the Services or engage in any other conduct that materially and adversely impacts the security, availability, or stability of the Services;  
* probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measure;  
* reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any software, documentation, systems, networks or data related to the Services;  
* modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software (except to the extent expressly permitted by I Want That\! or integrated within the Services);  
* attempt to bypass or break any security or rate limiting mechanism on any of the Services or use the Services in any manner that interferes with or disrupts the integrity, security or performance of the Services and its components;  
* use an API or any Software to circumvent applicable Service plan restrictions or End User licensing restrictions that are enforced in the Services user interface;  
* use the Services or any Software for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise for the benefit of a third party;  
* remove any proprietary notices or labels;  
* “scrape” or otherwise access or search the Services by means other than through I Want That\!’s supported interfaces;  
* disrupt or interfere with the access of other End Users or any host or network, including, without limitation, by sending a virus, overloading, spamming, mail-bombing or flooding the Services, or by scripting the creation of content in a manner designed to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services;  
* use or access the Services for competitive purposes, or violate I Want That\!’s intellectual property rights;  
* to the extent Customer is subject to the US Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and its implementing regulations (HIPAA), use the Services to store or transmit any “protected health information” as defined by HIPAA without having executed a BAA with I Want That\!  
* reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purpose, any portion of the Services, use of the Services, or access to the Services without I Want That\!’s prior written approval, unless expressly agreed to otherwise in writing by I Want That\!.

## **Spam or Unwanted Contact**

The Services may not be used to send or host spam, including the sending of unwanted or unauthorized commercial content, unwanted or mass solicitation, or other forms of duplicative or unsolicited messages. The Services may not be used, directly or in conjunction with any process, to circumvent spam filters or bypass the account limitations or restrictions of any third party. If a Customer’s account is found to be sending or hosting spam, I Want That\! may investigate and contact the Customer to stop sending the messages if it believes Customer is doing so unintentionally, or I Want That\! may suspend and/or terminate the Customer’s account immediately at our sole discretion and block IP addresses or email addresses it believes to be the source of the spam. Any conduct that I Want That\!, in its sole discretion, believes restricts or inhibits anyone else from using or enjoying the Services will not be permitted. 

## **Hateful Activities**

Further, use of the Services by organizations that promote or normalize hate against individuals, hateful speech, violence, terrorism or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred or violence, is prohibited. To effectively comply with this Policy, organizations whose primary purpose is to host, promote or otherwise contain user-generated content (“UGC”) must implement reasonably effective moderation policies and remedial procedures related to UGC that promote or normalize violence or hateful activities.

## **Illegal and Fraudulent Activities**

The Services may not be used to engage in dangerous, illegal, or fraudulent activities or to directly or indirectly promote such activities. This prohibition includes promoting or supporting pyramid schemes or similar activities and using the Services to violate applicable laws, regulations or statutes (including, as applicable, California’s Invasion of Privacy Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions). If I Want That\! suspects a Customer is using the Services to conduct or to support fraudulent or illegal activities, including but not limited to, the violation of any person’s privacy rights, infringing the intellectual property rights of others, publishing or posting other people's private and confidential information without their express permission, or unauthorized collecting or gathering other people’s personal information, it may suspend or terminate the Customer’s account. If any person suspects that a Customer or End User is engaging in illegal or fraudulent activity, please report it to I Want That\! in accordance with the process described above. Please note that I Want That\! is limited in its ability to review fraudulent activity that may occur outside of the Services or to assess the legality of certain activities and may require that person work with law enforcement to validate the fraudulent nature or the illegality of the activity before we are able to take action related to a reported account.

## **Subdomain Squatting and Account Hijacking**

The creation of accounts using subdomains that include names and trade names of other businesses, organizations or individuals is prohibited. If I Want That\! determines that a Customer is engaging in this activity it may suspend or terminate the Customer's account. Accessing another account without the permission of the Customer that owns the account or using the Services for phishing schemes is prohibited.

## **Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking**

Upload or sharing content that exploits or abuses children is prohibited. This includes all child sexual abuse imagery, including cartoon images and all content that presents children in a sexual manner. We will remove such content from the Services and take appropriate action, which includes terminating a Customer's account(s) and reporting it to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement. If you find any content that you believe exploits children in this manner, please report the content here. If you find content elsewhere on the internet, please contact NCMEC directly. Further, do not upload or share content that promotes, enables or discusses human trafficking. If we find evidence that a Customer is engaging in such activity, we will alert the authorities and terminate the Customer’s account(s).

## **Sexually Explicit Content**

The Services may not be used to distribute content that contains nudity, graphic sex acts, or sexually explicit material.

## **Harassment and Bullying**

The Services may not be used to engage in abusive, harassing, or bullying behavior, including when contacting I Want That\! employees, agents or suppliers. This prohibition also includes a prohibition on illegal dissemination of private information or media using the Services.

## **Deceptive Behavior**

The Services may not be used to deceive individuals or impersonate other individuals or organizations. This prohibition includes but is not limited to falsely implying any sponsorship or association with I Want That\!, creating a false or forged identity, email address, header, or phone number or otherwise attempting to mislead others as to the identity of the originator or source of a communication. 

## **Age Limit**

The Services are not intended for use by those under the age of 16 and Customer is responsible for ensuring that all End Users are at least 16 years of age.

